I know we covered a lot here,
so, jump in with questions or
ideas or if you disagree or-
>> One thing that I did write down,
I'm curious how long, in your opinion,
if there is any kind of correct
answer to this, should you be in stage
one before you maybe change tactics?
If you have been lagging in stage one for,
let's say a year, is that a sign of
something internally just not clicking and
you should rethink your approach?
>> So sticking in stage one would
mean you've never actually released
anything is that-
>> That's unfortunately kind of where
we're sitting.
>> That's okay, yeah.
I would say, so
usually I'm trying to think,
I remember one specific conversation
where it was a top-down scenario and
the executives kept changing their mind
on what they wanted the system to do.
That's what you're dealing with?
Yeah, so I think that can happen,
I think with that individual,
what I recommended they do was
actually go the opposite route.
Which was to go talk to the subscriber
groups, and get a feel for
what the organization at the subscriber
level felt that they needed.
And I recommended he take that stuff to
the executives and say, look, I know you
have ideas about this, but this is from
folks in the trenches doing the work.
I've asked them what they need and
this is what they're telling me.
And that was a way to kind of help
them sort of hone in on something.
The other thing you can do is say,
let's scale back,
let's do less to start, let's make this
a very, very simple first version.
And then trust that as people use it,
you're gonna learn and
just start the conversation by saying,
look, we got to iterate on this thing,
we're never gonna get it right if we try
to do everything at once right away,
that's just not how software works
[LAUGH] so we have to iterate.
So, let's get something very simple
live first, and maybe that's a way,
I don't know if you had those
conversations already, but-
>> I think we're finally getting to that
point where, for us,
I think there was a lot of,
we've talked about this
kind of off camera, but
sense of ownership that was needed
from a lot of various teams.
>> Yeah.
>> And up until this point,
very recently, we've tried to abide and
allow for that to happen, but
it's just kind of taken us in circles.
So now we're at the point where we just
say we're going to do what we feel is best
and iterate as necessary, because exactly
to your point, they had the assumption.
Myself, coming into this position,
that in a year's time,
we could just completely overhaul the
entire application from the ground up and
it would be just that simple.
And they have since realized that that is,
of course, not the case.
>> Yeah, definitely not the case,
[LAUGH] yeah, okay.
You got one online there?
>> Yeah, maybe a little related.
How would you unite multiple component
libraries and multiple teams for
one design system?
>> Yeah, this is so good, and it's funny,
in larger organizations especially,
I've had so many interviews where somebody
is tasked with building a system.
And they start doing the work,
they start engaging with product teams and
subscribers and they find out there's,
I talked to one guy who was like,
I found 22 different design
systems inside this organization.
And that's a lot, I'm hoping you
don't have that many [LAUGH].
But having more than one, having two,
three, four, five of these things,
at least the beginnings of
something is very normal.
I mean, my default approach to this,
I'm a really collaborative person,
I like to work with other people,
I don't see people as competitive.
I just, let's all sit, so my approach
is get everybody in the same room or
on the same call or whatever and
just lay out what are the strengths and
weaknesses of each one.
And see if there's a way to at least bring
the sort of conceptual approaches of
these various systems under one
sort of common unified approach.
Now, it's also possible that having
multiple systems is the right choice,
that could be the best thing for
that organization.
This is where sitting here, having only
that information, there's no way for
me to accurately answer that.
So I think you would need to understand
what are the goals of each of
these systems first and try to
understand are they meeting those goals?
I think it's very reasonable to
have more than one system, so
that could be okay, also.